My child Li Qianqian
Are you crazy? Do you want to die?
You kill me!
I want to unite with my family
You are not allowed to die without my permission
Then you go to hell.
Shan
Hate me so much
I want to fuck you
Pay for my father and children's lives!
It's very emotional.
You have to play the truth.
Chase people back to me
Why did he become like this?
Madam's father passed away
And because the child is gone
Often can no longer be hit
So what can be done?
So the lady takes herself to figure it out
At the same time with drug treatment
We can't be stimulated.
I want you to cure him at all costs
The reason why Mrs. Sheng aborted the child
Maybe you can explain
But the crisis of the situation can only save one
He won't believe me anymore.
He hates me so much.